Revision history for Perl extension ExtUtils::ModuleMaker.

0.59    May 06, 2018

Address RTC 125281 (Replace Getopt::Std::getopts() with
Getopt::Long::GetOptions()).  Users can now provide long options when invoking
modulemaker on the command-line.

0.58    May 05, 2018

Address RTC 15563 (Discrepancy between documentation and results re author
information), 125266 ('modulemaker -h' fails to display help message; launches
interactive mode) and 125267 (modulemaker '-b' switch's documentation is
misleading).

0.57    May 02, 2018

Perl-5.6.1 was previously required; removed all code intended to handle
earlier versions of perl.  Otherwise, no change in ExtUtils::ModuleMaker or
'modulemaker' functionality (or, at least, no intended changes).

Removed dependency on File::Save::Home in modules and test suite.  Replaced it
with File::HomeDir.  Borrowed technique for mocking one's home directory
during testing from CPAN-Reporter's test suite (thanks to David Golden, Breno
G. de Oliveira and Perl Toolchain Gang).  This should substantially address
RTC 111637 (Not safe against parallel runs?).  This also facilitated removal
from ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::Auxiliary of many subroutines no longer used in
test suite.  Extensive consolidation of files within the test suite to improve
maintainability and test suite running time.

Provided configuration files for Travis and Appveyor.

0.56    January 30, 2017

Removed all test files using 'scripts/modulemaker' as first step in
diagnosing problem reported in
https://rt.cpan.org/Ticket/Display.html?id=111637.  No changes in
functionality.

0.55    January 03, 2016

Prodded by Chris Kirke during the CPAN Pull Request Challenge, standardized
$VERSION numbers and release dates across all files.  No changes in
functionality or tests.

0.54    March 13, 2015

Correct error in TEST_REQUIRES: should have been IO::Capture rather than
IO::CaptureOutput.

0.53    March 10, 2015

Add metadata to Makefile.PL.  Remove IO::Capture from distribution.  Instead,
add it to TEST_REQUIRES metadata in Makefile.PL.

0.52    July 4, 2014

Move version control from Subversion to git.  Establish development
repository at https://github.com/jkeenan/extutils-modulemaker.  Adapt
code to prevent warnings to be added in Perl 5.22.

0.51    February 8, 2008

ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::Interactive:: Change prompt for Abstract; make it
44-characters long.

0.50    February 8, 2008

'modulemaker' script was failing to initialize certain variables.  Diagnosed
as problems in ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::Opts.  Perl 5.10-related upgrade to
Getopts::Std required declaration of $Getopts::Std::STANDARD_HELP_VERSION with
assignment of true value.  Eliminated croak(Usage()).

0.49    March 27, 2007

Responded to bug report http://rt.cpan.org/Ticket/Display.html?id=25830 that
when either INCLUDE_POD_COVERAGE_TEST or INCLUDE_POD_TEST is used on Windows,
using File::Spec::catfile to generate filenames for MANIFEST results in
Windows-style path separators (\) appearing in MANIFEST.  Though most of the
time you want to use catfile to generate system-specific paths, in this case
you do not because ExtUtils::Manifest uses only Unix-style path separators
(/).  Fixed.

Responded to bug report 
0.48    March 26, 2007

Responded to bug report http://rt.cpan.org/Ticket/Display.html?id=25830 of
warnings being thrown during 'make test' in a situation where requestor
Paul_AV had added a local license to EU::MM::Licenses::Local.  It turned out
that at line 80 of EU::MM::Interactive I had failed to s/Standard/Local/g.
Fixed.

0.47    May 17, 2006

Added two more options:  INCLUDE_ID_LINE and INCLUDE_WARNINGS.  Both are off
by default.  Setting either to a true value includes a Subversion-style 'Id'
keyword at the top of each Perl module created by ModuleMaker or inserts 'use
warnings;' in the same location.

0.46    April 29, 2006

Use of Devel::Cover for coverage analysis indicated that most subroutines in
lib/ExtUtils/ModuleMaker/Utility.pm were no longer covered.  It turned out
that, with one exception, they had all been superseded by calls to
File::Save::Home functions.  Hence, they could safely be deleted from the file
and the distribution.  The one exception, _get_dir_and_file(), was moved into
lib/ExtUtils/ModuleMaker.pm.

0.45    April 5, 2006

In response to bug report from Gabriel Fortuna, corrected bug in t/01_ini.t.

0.44    December 24, 2005

Corrected one typo in ExtUtils/ModuleMaker.pm:  '\' before @ in e-mail 
address in BUGS section.

Corrected typo in POD erroneously crediting David Golden with
ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::PBP.  It should have been ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::TT.

Deleted File::Temp from PM_PREREQ key in Makefile.PL.  It's only used in the
test suite, and when it appears there it's within SKIP blocks in case user is
using Perl older than 5.6y.

Per bug report from David Golden, changed remaining references to 
generate_pm_file() in StandardText.pm and Utility.pm to refer to 
complete_build().

Rewrote Initializers::validate_values() and set_author_composite() in response
to bug reports from David Golden and Terrence Brannon.  Added
t/miscargs/919.t, 920.t and 921.t to test these revisions.  There remained one
minor problem with the modulemaker command-line mode, however.  If in
command-line mode you try to specify an empty string as the argument to -p
(CPANID), -o (ORGANIZATION) or -w (WEBSITE) (and perhaps others not yet
discovered), those values do *not* appear on the interactive mode's AUTHOR
menu.  Instead, you get the default values -- either
ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::Defaults or ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::Personal Defaults,
if the latter is installed.  OTOH, if you store a personal defaults file with
an empty string as the value for, say, ORGANIZATION, your lib/*.pm file will
be created correctly (with no extra linespace for the missing attribute).
Furthermore, if on the command-line you specify an empty string for any of
those three attributes and you suppress interactive mode with -I option, the
lib/*.pm file will use the default value, which is not what you wanted.

By tossing in 'defined' at three points in ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::Opts, I
solved the problem of supplying an empty string to CPANID, ORGANIZATION and
WEBSITE in the modulemaker command-line utility.

Modified 4 subs in lib/ExtUtils/ModuleMaker/Auxiliary.pm to use subs from new
CPAN module File::Save::Home rather than subs from
lib/ExtUtils/ModuleMaker/Utility.pm.  Added File::Save::Home to the PREREQ_PM
key in Makefile.PL.

0.43    September 29, 2005
    - In response to report from CPAN tester imacat, corrected the number of
      unskipped tests in the SKIP block call in all test files.  I had failed
to account for the tests found within subroutines such as
Auxiliary::_save_pretesting_status() (3) and _restore_pretesting_status (5) in
computing the number of unskipped tests.  This became evident when I tested
without Module::Build on the system.

0.42    September 28, 2005

    - Converted all test files (except t/01_ini.t) to have an END block which 
does the 'reprocessing' of the .modulemaker directory and personal defaults
files as needed, notwithstanding any die or croak.  In cases where t/*.t files
encompassed several test blocks, this entailed extracting each block from such
a file and creating a separate test file for it.  Thus, this meant the
creation of several new directories beneath t/, including failsafe/, mmkr/, 
miscargs/, license/, makedefaults/.

0.41    September 19, 2005
    - Corrected error in lib/ExtUtils/ModuleMaker/Utility.pm
      _get_home_directory():  double backslashes messed up tests on Windows.

0.40   September 18, 2005
    - Extensive refactoring; additional documentation; new default values
      added, particularly with regard to naming of tests.

0.39   September 5, 2005
    - v0.38 was reported by two beta-testers to fail in tests depending on
      whether the user had or had not previously created a home/.modulemaker
directory on user's system.  Set v0.38 for deletion from CPAN.

0.38   September 4, 2005
    - v0.37 failed to include t/testlib/ExtUtils/ModuleMaker/Alt_no_Todo.pm 
in MANIFEST, which meant it wasn't bundled in tarball that went up to CPAN.
Corrected MANIFEST; set v0.37 for deletion from CPAN.

0.37   September 3, 2005
    - Added method make_selections_defaults() to the public interface.  User
      can now override the default values for attributes in the object created
by ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::new().  The values which a user enters in a
particular invocation of new() can be saved in a file called
ExtUtils/ModuleMaker/Personal/Defaults.pm which overrides
ExtUtils/ModuleMaker/Defaults.pm.  This file is saved in a .modulemaker/
directory which is in turn located beneath the user's home directory or an
equivalent thereto.  make_selections_defaults() can be activated from the
modulemaker command line via the '-s' option or from modulemaker interactive
mode's Main Menu, choice 'H'.
    - Added capability for user to override particular methods called within
      ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::complete_build.  This is done by setting the
ALT_BUILD attribute passed to new() or by passing the name of a Perl package
to the '-d' option to the modulemaker utility in command-line mode.
    - To prepare for the two extensions to ExtUtils::ModuleMaker's
      capabilities described above, most of the quasi-public methods
previously found in ExtUtils/ModuleMaker.pm were moved to
ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::Initializers.pm (in the case of methods called within
new() for the purpose of initializing attributes with default values) or to
ExtUtils/ModuleMaker/StandardText.pm (in the case of methods called within
complete_build() for the purpose of creating directories, files and writing
content to files.  These two packages are require-d into the
ExtUtils::ModuleMaker object at run-time.
    - Addition of the new capabilities described above required the creation
      of many new tests.  Some test files were renumbered so that there are no
longer gaps in their order.

0.36 July 18, 2005
        - Corrected error pointed out by CPAN tester Scott R. Godin:
          IO::Capture and subclasses were omitted from MANIFEST, 
          causing failure in t/11_miscargs.t.
        - Added additional command-line option '-q' to suppress sub new() 
          in .pm file created by modulemaker.  Added tests to t/09_mmkr.t 
          to test suppression of POD and suppression of sub new() in 
          .pm file created by modulemaker.  Along the way, wrote 
          additional testing subroutines and added them to 
          t/testlib/_Auxiliary.pm:
               exported:  check_pm_file make_compact
               not exported:  pod_present constructor_present
        - Typographic cleanup of what modulemaker prints to STDOUT for 
          Directives menu (mistake caused by my wrap settings in vi).
        - Commented out SecondStyles.pm so it will no longer be bundled 
          via make dist and no longer be uploaded to CPAN.

0.35 July 17, 2005
	- Removed support for Perl 4 style module names (e.g., D'oh).
	- Added many tests, including tests for the modulemaker utility
	  in non-interactive mode.
	- Extensive refactoring, including extraction of most variable 
          and subroutine declarations from modulemaker utility and 
          placed them in lib/ExtUtils/ModuleMaker/Interactive.pm.  
          Done to simplify future maintenance and make coverage results 
          more transparent.
	- Added partial_dump() method to ModuleMaker.pm.  This is not
	  yet viewed as publicly available but is used to diagnose the
          content of the EUMM object during development.
	- Improvements in documentation; more to come.

0.34    - Intermediate version not released to CPAN.

0.33 July 8, 2005
	- Primary maintenance taken over by James E Keenan
	  (jkeenan@cpan.org).
        - scripts/modulemaker
	  - modulemaker utility revised with objective of making it
	    possible to specify all options on the command-line
          - Included ABSTRACT in Main Menu and created prompt for new abstract
          - Allowed for additional command-line options for specification 
            of abstract and author info
          - Modified Usage message to reflect additional command-line 
            options; placed options in alphabetical order
        - lib/ExtUtils/ModuleMaker.pm:
          - Corrected typing errors in several places
          - Modified ORGANIZATION in POD to parallel wording of CPANID
          - Changed $defaults{ABSTRACT} to 'Module abstract 
            (<= 44 characters) goes here'
          - Allowed for ORGANIZATION, where defined, to be included in 
            AUTHOR COMPOSITE and thereby included in Author section of POD
	  - Fixed Block_Begin() and Block_Begin_BareBones() to eliminate 
            blank first line in .pm files
	  - Deletion of superseded/deprecated subroutines and
            corresponding POD
        - t/*.t
	  - Corrected names of test files on first lines of each of 
            02_simple.t, 03_quick.t and 04_compact.t
          - Created 05_abstract. to test current and new features:
              -- correct Author and Email in Makefile.PL
              -- placement of Abstract in POD
              -- placement of Author info in POD
              -- placement of History info in POD rather than in Changes
          - Created t/06_build.t and t/07_proxy.t to test alternative
            BUILD_SYSTEMs
	  - Created t/08_modulemaker.t to pave the way for testing of
	    the modulemaker utility (much to be done)

--------------------------------------------------------------

0.32 June 16 2003 (YAPC::Boca_Raton)
	- Removed Fakefile.PL that was for testing but only caused
	  problems.  The content has been held over after __END__
	  in Makefile.PL
	- Added missing fullname for libpng license which was causing
	  an odd number of parts in a hash
	- Added support for Module::Build (patch from Dave Rolsky)
	- Fixed misplaced backslash when generating the new method
	- Generated Makefile.PL now has a prerequisite of Test::Simple


--------------------------------------------------------------

0.312_29  September 2002 (YAPC::Munich)
	- Complete rewrite from the ground up for the 0.3xxx line
	- Created by ExtUtils::ModuleMaker 0.202
	- Now object oriented for customizability
	- Licenses in two new modules:
		ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::Licenses::Standard
		ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::Licenses::Local
	- Customize for local environment by subclassing, example in
		ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::SecondStyle
	- Tests now use Test::More
	- New interactive script 'modulemaker'
	- Removed old scripts 'newmodule' and 'eumm'
	- Old functions are deprecated, but still here for now
		Quick_Module
		Generate_Module_Files
	- Fixed missing VERSION_FROM in Makefile.PL
	- pod and new method can now be optional in extra modules
		and different in each module

--------------------------------------------------------------

0.204_01 Fri May 31 2002 - joshua@cpan.org
	- Renamed eumm to the more memorable newmodule
	- Documented newmodule
	- More testing. We use Test::More now
	- Verbose prints to STDOUT not STDERR
	- Minor internal changes

0.202_02 Wed May 29 2002 - joshua@cpan.org
	- New feature: create compact base directories
	- New program: eumm (name TBD) frontend.

0.202_01 Sat May 25 2002 - joshua@cpan.org
	- Creates .cvsignore
	- Creates MANIFEST.SKIP

0.202  Fri Dec 28  2001
	- Fixed typo on line 134 of Licences.pm

0.201_02  Fri Jul 27  2001
	- Coming out party for the module at TPC 5.0
	- Change name of module from ModuleMaker to ExtUtils::ModuleMaker
	- Added Licences.pm including:
	  - LICENSE file added to the manifest
	  - Now support all 21 licenses approved by opensource.org
	- Added simple tests
	- Need to add INLINE hooks, XS hooks, and better testing

0.2001+  Wed Jul 18  2001
	- Minor housekeeping details

0.2  Sun Jul 08 20:47:34 2001
	- original version; created by ModuleMaker 0.2
	- Amazingly incestuous isn't it.
